P1: Data Quality Review

1) Values are missing
There are a lot of “NA” values in the data set. I looked at an example of the survey used and certain responses to questions result in skipping a few of the following questions, which could explain this. Also some of the “NA” values could be from participants opting not to answer certain questions. I can’t find anything in the text explaining this specifically though.

8) Units are not specified
It is unclear if the values in certain columns are hours, days, etc. It might be necessary to look through the data and writing more closely to determine what units are being used.

10) Field names are ambiguous
Some of the column names are very ambiguous at first glance. Their meanings will probably become more clear with more in-depth reading of the analysis.

18) Text has been converted to numbers
One of the variables stores the zip code of the participants who took part in the survey. So removing the zeros would render the variable irrelevant 

24) Data were entered by humans
The participants were asked to enter the amount of time they spend watching the gadgets on weekdays and weekends. Have to check in the survey if they were asked to enter the time frame in hours or minutes

26) Aggregations were computed on missing values
For example, to compute the screen time the participants spent on weekends, we have to calculate the aggregate values of time spent on TV, Smart Phones, Playing games, etc. These values are missing on the excel.

41) Results have been p-hacked
The word P-Hack refers to :”Simonsohn of the University of Pennsylvania and his colleagues have popularized the term P-hacking; it is also known as data-dredging, snooping, fishing, significance-chasing and double-dipping. 'P-hacking,' says Simonsohn, 'is trying multiple things until you get the desired result' — even unconsciously. “ It’s hard to say without direct self experimenting with the data.

43) Too good to be true
There is no global measure to confirm this but1)The Sample size is large enough(120,115 participants ) to accept findings 2) In Analytic strategy they mentioned their findings are consistent with previous findings which means the reported data is reasonable.